---
layout: post
title: Blogging is backwards
---

Though I'm constantly tempted, I just can't seem to keep up a blog. I just find 
the format to be weird. Blogs are series of loosely related thoughts told to an 
ever-increasing audience on an irregular basis, **backwards**. It doesn't make 
much sense to me. It never has.

It seems like the ideal blog visitor is one that familiarizes themselves with 
the entire blog from the start to finish. That is how we consume most 
information, isn't it? I haven't started a book from its last chapter since I 
was a toddler naively picking up a book upside down. So why are blog articles 
displayed by decreasing date of publication? It makes sense for news, 
since the most recent content is typically the most relevant. For the majority 
of blogs, I'm not sure that it does. Some blogs I frequent have terrific content 
from years back being pushed further out of sight by recent posts of 
questionable quality. Still, we accept that displaying our posts backwards is 
just the way it is.

I'm writing down some thoughts right now. Are they bound to be forgotten years 
later once this blog fills with hundreds of entries? Maybe it'll sit at the 
top for a few months as I procrastinate writing a new article. Time will tell.

{% include image.html img="/assets/img/geocities-new.png" title="New New New" %}

So let me take you back. My first website was a fan page to my favorite Pokemon, 
Jigglypuff. I was around eight years old then. This was around 1998, before Y2K 
caused the planet to explode. I updated *Jigglypuff's Puff Palace* fairly 
regularly with new artwork, animated gifs and webrings on one long scrolling 
page. Blogs weren't a hit yet. Back then it was enough to add a small gif of the 
text "NEW" to highlight fresh content. But even that was just optional. 
I was satisfied with updating my gigantic index.html page, padded by copy and 
pasted javascript snippets, bringing it closer and closer to 
Platonic perfection. There was no instinct to place new content at the *top* of 
the page, in fact it was opposite.

But then blogs took off. Suddenly non-technical and technical users alike were 
putting content online with ease. Maybe LiveJournal is to blame for convincing 
those poor souls that content should be time driven, plotted on a calendar and 
date stamped under the header. Everyone started doing it. Wordpress made it 
better and easier. Older websites weren't like that. I'd show you my old webring 
to prove it! -- If I could.

And now I'm blogging about how I don't like blogging. There's a word for someone 
like that and it begins with a hippo. But the truth is I believe blogging really 
is an effective medium. Audiences are magically engaged when they notice the 
date stamp matching today. Somehow the age of content is evidence of its 
validity. You can see that in the comments for linked articles, calling five 
month old content "old". That's about as heartbreaking as dog years. The 
solution? *Write blog content frequently.* The audience will show up and they'll 
love it, for that week.

Regardless of how weird the blog format might be, it works. Pretty brilliant 
guys like Seth Godin swear by it. I'll ride the wave too, until the next big 
paradigm shift. May the backwards narrative be it, for now.
