---
layout: post
title: Honeymoon in Maldives
---

This must to be the most beautiful place on the planet. When we arrived 
at Hadahaa Island in the Maldives for our honeymoon this year we 
immediately fell in love with it. 

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-01.jpg" %}</aside>
<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-02.jpg" %}</aside>

The tropical vegetation was a sparkling green. It always felt great 
to be outside even away from the ocean. The light breeze ruffled
the leaves just enough for a peaceful feeling.

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-03.jpg" %}</aside>
<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-04.jpg" %}</aside>

Where the island really shined was the amazing ocean view. The shallow water
was a bright cyan tone, distinctly different from the deep blue water.

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-05.jpg" %}</aside>

There is no gradual fade from one color to another. The water suddenly 
creates a dark stripe deep into the horizon.

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-06.jpg" %}</aside>
<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-07.jpg" %}</aside>
<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-08.jpg" %}</aside>

The water was very clear. Mixed with my wife's Mehendi designs still
covering her limbs after the wedding, it created some fantastic psychedelic
effects.

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-09.jpg" %}</aside>

The sand was spotless and practically white. From a distance it looked imagined.

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-10.jpg" %}</aside>
<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-11.jpg" %}</aside>

With so few people around and nothing in the distance save for a few
passing ships, we felt like we were in a film, stuck on an uninhabited 
island.

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-12.jpg" %}</aside>
<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-13.jpg" %}</aside>
<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-14.jpg" %}</aside>

The resort was clean, well-kept and furnished nicely. This spa area became
our favorite hang-out spot on the island.

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-15.jpg" %}</aside>

Some moments felt like we were living in a computer desktop background.

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-16.jpg" %}</aside>
<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-17.jpg" %}</aside>

With many nooks scattered strategically around the island, we
discovered several new places every day.

<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-18.jpg" %}</aside>
<aside>{% include image.html img="/assets/img/maldives-19.jpg" %}</aside>

We promised ourselves we would come back to Maldives. We fell
for this small paradise.
